feat: add option for whitelisting broken Apple devices (#23)
coreruleset/fake-bot-plugin: README.md

installation methods, refer to [How to Install a Plugin](https://coreruleset.org/docs/concepts/plugins/#how-to-install-a-plugin)
in the official CRS documentation.

## Plugin configuration

All settings can be done in file `plugins/fake-bot-config.conf`.

### tx.fake-bot-plugin_whitelist_broken_apple_devices

> Some software used by Apple devices (for example iMessage) are doing requests
> to web pages while pretending to be a Facebookbot and Twitterbot. If you want to
> allow this behavior and not block such requests, set this setting to `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some software used by Apple devices send requests pretending to be a Facebook or Twitter (X) bot.
iMessage, for example, does this to obtain link previews.
If you want to allow this behavior and not block such requests, set this variable to `1`.
```

> Note: This setting, when enabled, is opening a hole in the fake bot detection
> which can be used by fake bots to bypass a protection provided by this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This setting, when enabled, opens a hole in the fake bot detection,
which can be used by fake bots to bypass the protection provided by this plugin.
```
